Sync release 7.6 into release 8.0 (#3866)
couchbase/docs-server: modules/install/pages/migrating-application-data.adoc

A mostly online migration will require you to use replication (XDCR).

> . Setup XDCR from source cluster to target cluster. Depending on the spare disk space and compute resources in your source cluster, you can choose to perform self-XDCR, where the source and destination bucket are on the same cluster), or you can set up a separate cluster to replicate to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set up XDCR to replicate data from a source cluster to a target cluster. You have two options:

. Self-XDCR: Replicate between buckets on the same cluster (requires sufficient disk space and compute resources)
. Regular XDCR: Replicate to a separate cluster
```
